README.md, before:

# Food Delivery App UI UX Design Convent Into Flutter Code | Flutter 3

# codeforany @codeforany

- [Youtube Full Playlist: Food Delivery App UI UX Design Convent Into Flutter Code](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzcRC7PA0xWQ2rYRGhSLjEvCXi3PS9J3N)
- [Youtube Channel: @codeforany](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdQTp9wRK5vAOlEQZf9PHSg)
- [Youtube Channel Subscribe: @codeforany](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdQTp9wRK5vAOlEQZf9PHSg?sub_confirmation=1)


- [Youtube Video Part-1: App Induction & Startup UI & Welcome UI ](https://youtu.be/z8NHvp4tbrQ)
- [Youtube Video Part-2: Login UI & Sign Up UI & Reset Password UI & New Password UI & OTP UI ](https://youtu.be/UYq7KGd15Cw)
- [Youtube Video Part-3: On Boarding UI & Custom Bottom TabView UI ](https://youtu.be/EaHkIxwYv_Y)
- [Youtube Video Part-4: Home Tab UI with Category ListView, Popular Restaurants ListView, Most Popular ListView, Recent ListView ](https://youtu.be/8tR-_-VLMb0)
- [Youtube Video Part-5: Menu Tab UI & Menu Items UI ](https://youtu.be/xhGsV4dzFGs)
- [Youtube Video Part-6: Food Details UI - Part1 ](https://youtu.be/apZ_l1MzziQ)
- [Youtube Video Part-7: Food Details UI - Part2 & Offer Tab UI ](https://youtu.be/GN7cM-O4iTk)
- [Youtube Video Part-8: Profile Tab UI ](https://youtu.be/uPRfs1-Xno4)
- [Youtube Video Part-9: Payment Details UI & More Tab UI ](https://youtu.be/ad3VEaQXGNw)
- [Youtube Video Part-10: Add Credit/Debit Card UI & Notifications List UI & Inbox List UI & About Us UI ](https://youtu.be/CsTGq9Deiu4)
- [Youtube Video Part-11: User Cart UI (My Order UI)](https://youtu.be/YXCKlV0xkHU)
- [Youtube Video Part-12: Checkout UI & Change Address UI with Google Map ](https://youtu.be/SgovU_BEFbE)
- [Youtube Video Part-13: Checkout Place Order Status UI ](https://youtu.be/awyq_sInKIw)

- [Youtube Video Part-14: Http ServiceCall Common Method And Create Extension Method And Login Api Calling](https://youtu.be/x0ELSN0YXI4)


UI UX App Design by: [Akila Weerakoon](https://www.behance.net/gallery/108639283/Meal-Monkey-Food-delivery-iOS-mobile-application)

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

Commit message:

Save Data in Local Using Shared Preferences lib, Route Config with GetIt lib And SignUp Api Calling

README.md, after:

# Food Delivery App UI UX Design Convent Into Flutter Code | Flutter 3

# codeforany @codeforany

- [Youtube Full Playlist: Food Delivery App UI UX Design Convent Into Flutter Code](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzcRC7PA0xWQ2rYRGhSLjEvCXi3PS9J3N)
- [Youtube Channel: @codeforany](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdQTp9wRK5vAOlEQZf9PHSg)
- [Youtube Channel Subscribe: @codeforany](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdQTp9wRK5vAOlEQZf9PHSg?sub_confirmation=1)


- [Youtube Video Part-1: App Induction & Startup UI & Welcome UI ](https://youtu.be/z8NHvp4tbrQ)
- [Youtube Video Part-2: Login UI & Sign Up UI & Reset Password UI & New Password UI & OTP UI ](https://youtu.be/UYq7KGd15Cw)
- [Youtube Video Part-3: On Boarding UI & Custom Bottom TabView UI ](https://youtu.be/EaHkIxwYv_Y)
- [Youtube Video Part-4: Home Tab UI with Category ListView, Popular Restaurants ListView, Most Popular ListView, Recent ListView ](https://youtu.be/8tR-_-VLMb0)
- [Youtube Video Part-5: Menu Tab UI & Menu Items UI ](https://youtu.be/xhGsV4dzFGs)
- [Youtube Video Part-6: Food Details UI - Part1 ](https://youtu.be/apZ_l1MzziQ)
- [Youtube Video Part-7: Food Details UI - Part2 & Offer Tab UI ](https://youtu.be/GN7cM-O4iTk)
- [Youtube Video Part-8: Profile Tab UI ](https://youtu.be/uPRfs1-Xno4)
- [Youtube Video Part-9: Payment Details UI & More Tab UI ](https://youtu.be/ad3VEaQXGNw)
- [Youtube Video Part-10: Add Credit/Debit Card UI & Notifications List UI & Inbox List UI & About Us UI ](https://youtu.be/CsTGq9Deiu4)
- [Youtube Video Part-11: User Cart UI (My Order UI)](https://youtu.be/YXCKlV0xkHU)
- [Youtube Video Part-12: Checkout UI & Change Address UI with Google Map ](https://youtu.be/SgovU_BEFbE)
- [Youtube Video Part-13: Checkout Place Order Status UI ](https://youtu.be/awyq_sInKIw)

- [Youtube Video Part-14: Http ServiceCall Common Method And Create Extension Method And Login Api Calling](https://youtu.be/x0ELSN0YXI4)
- [Youtube Video Part-15: Save Data in Local Using Shared Preferences lib, Route Config with GetIt lib And SignUp Api Calling](https://youtu.be/Jy2Jd_bfFOA)


UI UX App Design by: [Akila Weerakoon](https://www.behance.net/gallery/108639283/Meal-Monkey-Food-delivery-iOS-mobile-application)

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
